---
draft: false
date: 2024-02-11 17:49
tags:
  - productivity
  - learning-in-public
  - food
---
##### McDonalds menu update with Double Big Mac
There is such a thing as a double big mac now. Apparently it was a thing a few years back and it's making a comeback. I bought one for my younger brother. Didn't eat it so I can't say if it's any good but I prefer not to eat that much meat so I'd never buy it for myself. I'm liking Burger King a lot more to get a burger just because they have the Impossible Burger which tastes like meat but isn't.

##### Obsidian front matter with date, tag, and internal-link
I always thought front matter was too much effort but after going through and organizing my notes this time around I found a way that works for me. I've created a template that will add the following front matter to new notes that I'm creating in my vault. The only things I find to be useful the date the file is created, tags that indicate what type of note it is, and internal links to a concept that connects multiple notes. The date isn't strictly necessary even but adding it since my front matter information is already bare bones.

```
---
date: {today's date}
tags:
  - lesson-note
internal-link:
  - "[[Concept Creating]]"
---

```

##### This website is live on GitHub Pages with custom domain
After verifying the domain name by following the steps detailed in [[TIL 2024-02-05#Setting up custom domain with GitHub Pages]], and also adding in the A records as instructed on [GitHub's managing a custom domain](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site/managing-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site) my website is finally live on https://linnalihe.com 🍾🎉!
I also had to wait a day or so for the DNS check to go through.