---
draft: false
date: 2024-02-12 15:51
tags:
  - real-estate
  - "#ai"
---

##### Difficulties of buying large items from Home Depot 
I got a list of specs for doors, shower bases, electrical wire, and cement for my house rehab. I'm not a contractor or know what what's going to work so going out to buy the material is surprisingly stressful. For doors, you have to know if it's a 2x6 or a 4x6 frame, right-hand or left-hand swing, etc. And with large items, you have to coordinate delivery or rent a truck. If you buy something wrong you'll have to figure out logistics for returning or exchanging. Just want to vent a little. Somehow I managed to put together a quote that has all the things that I need to buy and successfully ordered the doors I need from [Remodeler Outlet](https://remodelersoutlet.com). I was able to get the doors I needed at a much lower price compared to special ordering from Home Depot. 

##### How neural networks use back-propagation
In simple terms, back-propagation is an algorithm that calculates how each weight in an equation affects the outcome using calculus (derivatives and the chain rule). Neural networks use this algorithm to determine which weights to change to achieve the best outcome. 
Without a concrete example, it's still hard to believe that it's simply that. Andrej Karpathy's [spelled-out intro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMj-3S1tku0) goes over this step by step. Here are my notes on this video [[YouTube The spelled-out intro to neural networks and backpropagation building micrograd by Andrej Karpathy]]





