---
title: TIL-2024-02-06
draft: false
date: 2024-02-06 02:22
tags:
  - workflow
  - job-search
---
##### Spending too much time on organizing notes
It's 2AM and I'm organizing my Obsidian vault. I've noticed that I periodically have to organize my vault because I try to use tags or try a new daily note template and I still haven't found something that works in the long term. I've decided that daily notes do not work for me because I like seeing my progress in one note so I'm reverting back to what I had way back in the day which is to use a single file for the entire year. Each day I'll add the day and within the day's section I will add my todo list and any thoughts I have. If the thought is longer form than I'll create a separate note for it.

##### Calendars don't work for me
So many people in the productivity space swear that calendars help them stay focused and productive but I just don't find them helpful. I've tried so many times. I would spend hours deciding on my schedule but I rarely stick to it past the first day. If there is no consequence for missing a calendar block, I just ignore what I've scheduled. A checklist works a lot better for me because I want the satisfaction of crossing out out. Does that make me an outlier?

##### Naming convention to organize my notes vault
A naming convention guide is needed as my notes grow so that I can find things. Dating documents are a good way to tie it with a time which may be helpful for linking with other thoughts I've had during that time period. But that's a lot weaker than having them grouped as set of similar documents. I'll go with following `GROUP-DATE-DESCRIPTION` naming convention for now and see how it plays out. Each part of the naming pattern is optional but there has to be either a `GROUP` or a `DATE` or a `DESCRIPTION`. Aggregation notes will just have a `GROUP` title whereas timeless notes will just have a description

##### Tech Behavioral Interview
A STAR answer is around 7-8 minutes long
Give credit where it's due to your teammates but only focus on your contribution
Be data driven. 
After a project, always record quantifiable metric to tie the bow. Get numbers from PM or teams that have the metrics. Run a retro to collect feedback from stakeholders. Can be other engineers.

##### SWE Resume
Need to provide what you did, how you did it, and the impact in each bullet point
Header should provide first and last name, email address, phone number. Don't need to provide address
Have an introduction to provide a quick glance summary for the reader to get interested. Be specific to you. Customize to each position you're applying for.
Have the skills highlighted at the top. Keep it short and targeted